865Data






















 Free technology and cyber security assessment. Contact us today!HomeServicesContact UsMoreHomeServicesContact UsHomeServicesContact Us  What is a tech Broker?Tech purchases can be a huge commitment from a resource and monetary standpoint. Tech sales can be confusing and very frustrating to navigate. We have decades of experience navigating tech deals in nearly every sector and business size. We work hard to get you the best value and deliver the right tech for your organization the first time. Our partners are all hand picked and vetted from the top down. At the core, we are a Technology Broker. What does that mean? Well, to put it simple, we help you sort through the clutter to find the right tech at the right price, and you never pay us directly. We are compensated by our partners for bringing amazing clients like you to the table. Most of the time we will work with multiple partners on your solutions to find the best value and fit. We only get paid if you are 100% happy and your tech is delivered as promised. Below are some of our more popular offerings from our partner network. Disaster recovery as a service (DRAAS): Protect your business from the unexpected with our disaster recovery planning and tabletop exercises. Our experts will work with you to create a comprehensive plan that can help you minimize the impact of a disaster and get back to business as usual as quickly as possible.Site to site and SDWAN circuits: We have the best partners in the business to design, architect, and implement network connections from across  the room to across the globe. Managed IT services: Keep your IT operations running smoothly with our managed IT services. Our team of experts will take care of your IT infrastructure, so you can focus on growing your business.Process automation: Streamline your operations and reduce costs with our process automation services. We can help you automate repetitive tasks, so your employees can focus on more important work.VOIP phone systems: Say goodbye to costly landlines and enjoy crystal clear call quality with our advanced VOIP phone systems. Our systems are easy to use and can be customized to meet your specific needs.Internet/Fiber/ISP service audits and sales: We can help you evaluate your current internet and networking infrastructure, identify areas for improvement, and provide quotes for upgrading your services. Our goal is to help you get the most out of your internet and networking services and ensure your business stays connected.Short and long range Wi-Fi: Keep your employees and customers connected with our high-performance Wi-Fi solutions. Whether you need coverage for a small office or a large venue, we can provide the perfect solution for your needs.IT policy and procedure writing and testing: Ensure that your business is compliant with industry standards and regulations with our IT policy and procedure writing and testing services. Our team of experts will work with you to create and test policies that can keep your data safe and secure.Software and Hardware consulting services and sales: Where our experts can help you make informed decisions about the software and hardware your business needs. We can help you identify the best software and hardware solutions for your specific needs, and provide guidance on how to implement them.Don't let outdated technology hold your business back. Contact us today to learn more about how our solutions can help you stay ahead of the competition.  Contact UsInterested in learning more?Drop us a line and we would love to have a quick call or meet up for coffee or lunch! Send a noteSend a noteNameEmail*This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.SendCancelSend a note  Copyright © 2023 865Data - All Rights Reserved. This website uses cookies.We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.Accept




